Add randomness-solidity submodule and documentation in README, update Randomess lib and add unit tests for filecoin calibration testnet (#7)
randa-mu/randomness-js: README.md

> Build everything by running `npm run build`. This creates an `index.js` and `index.d.ts` at the root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build everything by running `git submodule update --init --recursive && npm run build`. This creates an `index.js` and `index.d.ts` at the root directory.
```

> Solidity interfaces for randomenss can be found in the [randomness-solidity](./randomness-solidity) directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solidity interfaces for randomness can be found in the [randomness-solidity](./randomness-solidity) directory (once you've updated the submodules).
```

### Key Capabilities

Using this library, developers can:

* Derive randomness.
* Retrieve randomness request response / data.
* Verify the randomness request response.

### On-Chain Integration

> Solidity interfaces used for on-chain randomness requests can be found in the [randomness-solidity](./randomness-solidity) directory and the documentation for the solidity interfaces can be found in the [randomness-solidity](github.com/randa-mu/randomness-solidity.git) repository.

Reviewer: seems like a dupe of above

#### Smart Contract Addresses

| Contract        | Address | Network          |
|-----------------|---------|------------------|
| RandomnessSender Proxy | 0x9c789bc7F2B5c6619Be1572A39F2C3d6f33001dC   | Filecoin Calibnet |

### Installation

To install the library, install the latest version using:

```sh

> npm install randomness-js

Reviewer: noice, it seems this is available - I'm surprised!

```js
import {JsonRpcProvider, NonceManager, Wallet} from "ethers"
import { Randomness } from "randomness-js";

async function main() {
    // provider
    const rpc = new JsonRpcProvider("https://filecoin-calibration.chainup.net/rpc/v1")
    // User wallet
    const wallet = new NonceManager(new Wallet("your-private-key", rpc))
    const randomness = new Randomness(wallet, "RandomnessSender Proxy contract address from above table")

    // create a randomness request - returns the response from the oracle
    const {requestID, nonce, randomness, signature} = await randomness.requestRandomness();

    // we can also fetch the randomness request response / data for a specific request id
    // randomness, and signature are "0x" if the request is not yet fulfilled by the randomness oracle
    // const {requestID, nonce, randomness, signature} = await randomness.fetchRandomnessRequest(<requestID input here>);

    // to verify the randomness request response we can use the verify function
    // which will perform a signature verification using the DST for signature generation and the unique request nonce
    // returns a boolean - true / false

>     // await randomness.verify({requestID, nonce, randomness, signature})

Reviewer: can uncomment this as people will copypasta wholesale
